---
layout: '@/templates/BaseMeetup.astro'
description: July Meetup
group: Surrey Azure Meetup
location: The Lightbox, Woking
date: 2024-07-03T00:00:00Z
link: https://www.meetup.com/surrey-azure-user-group/events/300887933/
attended: true
---
## About

Being one of the newer groups there numbers are still growing but I would recommend attending if you live near by!

Having recommended Arshia to speak at this group im really interested in how she has refined her talk, James talk sounds intriguing while I have a love hate relationship with PowerBi it will be great to see how someone has achieved something that sounds so cool. 

## Speakers
🗣️ The 4th Surrey Azure Users meet, another fantastic night to chat and discuss the latest technologies from Microsoft.

🧠 **Arshia Bhatnagar** a Microsoft Cloud Solution Architect, will be delivering a session on "Accelerating your development journey using github co-pilot". This session will look into how GitHubs AI co-pilot can be used with Azure, a hot topic right now!

🧠 **James Dales** a Microsoft Data Platform MVP and Tekantis CEO, will be presenting Advanced Spatial Analytics with Power BI.
This session will look at how to achieve some of the more advanced mapping requirements in Power BI. For example working with your own polygons to create choropleth maps, drawing lines, shapes and images to create interactive utility network diagrams and clustering data using the H3 hexagon grid system.
We'll use the latest developments in Azure Maps, ArcGIS, and the new Icon Map Pro visual to explore the various capabilities.
